[Unfeatures](http://fluxbb.org/docs/unfeatures) are those not included intendedly. For example, you may not expect a JPG-to-PNG conversion tool would be able to retouch the images for you.

pdf2htmlEX is also a conversion tool, the target is to convert a PDF file into a Hi-Fi HTML file. Below there are a few features listed, which are either "won't be included" or "which I won't implement". Hopefully these will help shaping the scope of pdf2htmlEX.

### PDF manipulation and optimization
If something can be done by a PDF optimization tool, probably pdf2htmlEX won't do that. For example:
 - PDF linearization
 - Font optimization
 - Image optimization

Google `pdf manipulation tool` for more info.

However, pdf2htmlEX will handle those things caused by the differences between the formats of PDF and HTML, or those generated by pdf2htmlEX. For example:
 - Rasterization of PDF drawings and optimization of the rasterized images.
 - Page scaling
 - Text optimization (merging words etc)

### UI
You might expect UI features of PDF viewers, but you should not expect UI features of PDF files. Likewise, HTML files produced by pdf2htmlEX are meant to conceive the contents only, and the publishers are supported to design their own UI.

`pdf2htmlEX.js` demonstrates the structure of HTML files produced by pdf2htmlEX, it is provides for UI developers' reference. Currently there is no UI provides, while [#219](https://github.com/coolwanglu/pdf2htmlEX/issues/219) exists, it's meant as a demonstration of `pdf2htmlEX.js` and provided for lazy users only.

UI pull requests are welcome, but UI features requests will be labelled as low(est) priority.